Dunga coach in charge of the selection for almost four years does not
interviews behavior compatible with the image of someone so victorious
in sport
often the coarse and ironic sentences
after an undeniable victory, it was once again like this.
the episode happened when the journalist of the globe alex escobar tv that
talking to me on the phone, she shook her head at the
dunga accused journalists of having prevented Luis Fabiano from being taken
of the starting team after the first game of the cup against the north korea
everyone had had was dunga's second answer in the official interview
of fifa with the English technician when talking about the case of luis fabiano '
pine the coach interrupted the response to the newspaper asks not to
had scored in the last five games there today
the problem
a fitch ratings
among others
and then babbled swearing that leaked into the sound system
from the interview room
free syndication
in the interval of 30 minutes between the beginning and end of the collective the coach
was ironic other times always having the press as a target does not help people
give lots of free time
near there again then it means that my day off is work
so you better stay relaxed quiet
waiting for the next game who has a concussion we try to recover the most
fast as possible
and trying
each player needs each
in the end still angry
dunga got up and continued to utter other curses and
unpublishable words
behavior incompatible with the position it occupies at the
selection
What needs to be made clear in this episode is that we are very
the selection arrives at the conquest of another world title
and that the concern of journalism on the globe network has always been to
better information to you viewer
regardless of who is in charge